In Bangladesh Banking system there is no chatbot which can help customer for their basic query. For example if a person want to open an bank account, then he have to bring few documents .But there is a confusion what should he bring. That’s why he have to call or go to the bank and aske them for this. Not only that a lot of bank related query we have to ask from them. If a chatbot has all the information of banking service related query of a specific bank then people can interect with this chatbot. Which can save times and money. Recently I visited in UCB bank. Where I saw that people ask query related with bank information.Two employ of the bank give information about the service into the mobile of another person. But at the end the person didn’t have this document,so didn’t open an account. It proves that there is a time lost. If a chatbot has the information then the time was saved and a problem will be solved. There are also a lot of things to do. Not only in banking sector I face this problem in mobile banking bkash. Where I have to wait for 2 days for  a basic query. Because they are busy that’s why they didn’t pic up my phone call. Also I have to pay 20tk for that without any reason. I hope you get the idea what is the problem.
Now I want to solve this problem using RAG. Where I have a pdf all about the rules and regulation of a bank. People can ask any kinds of query and my system will answer this. If he didn’t answer any query then he automatically connect with an agent of the bank. Also I make this project to make a business and add this project to my resume.
Tell me how can I add it.How to case study. How to make a proper paper about this. So that people can impress with this project and hire me for their job position. Please explain a to z. 
If you need any information further then tell me.also give me your feedback that is it a good project for my resume. Is it a big problem for Bangladesh based on you knowledge. How it solve  the problem of a customer and the bank.
Please give me all the step and a demo example.
